Last year in June-July
the right side front wheel
it got damaged on impact
and I had to give the car to service center
and ofcourse claim insurance
at that time my insurance provider was ICICI lombard
and as you guys know watching my videos
I did not have a very good experience with ICICI
you guys can click on this link
I have mentioned there in detail
how you must avoid ICICI
the folks in ICICI at that time
reviewed the damage
and one portion of the damage
they refused to approve the claim
that claim was on the front bumper
which got damaged and came out in the impact
you guys can see how the damage looks at this point in time
at that point last year the damage was not this bad
ICICI is notorious in approving damage claims
and since ICICI did not provide claim for this damage
the service center folks somehow fixed the front bumper
for the last few months I was facing issues with the bumper
the bumper was coming out every time
recently I completed this 3000 kms trip
Hyderabad to Kolkata and back
while coming back to Hyderabad
there was a place where we were going through narrow lanes
there was a ditch at the side of that road
suddenly there was a person who came in the middle
while trying to avoid hitting the person
the front and rear left side tyres
fell on that ditch
and on impact
the front bumper
got more damaged as I showed you
so I thought that this is the right time
to claim insurance
coz I have changed my insurance provider to Liberty
I am making this video
so that I can tell you guys
the new insurance provider Liberty
how is their overall claim process
also how was my personal experience dealing with them
I can find out did I do something right renewing with Liberty
I have come today to the service center
this time my point of contact here is Shiva
he will help me with the insurance claim
I have taken the inspection of the car
we can claim insurance for the damage to the front bumper
on my suggestion sir has taken Liberty insurance
previously it was ICICI
tell us, what is the claim process for Liberty?
there is one claim form that needs to be filled
and we have to give documents like insurance policy copy
RCA, drivers license
also owners PAN or Aadhar card copy
it is a very easy process to complete the claim form
we need to fill how, where, date, time of the accident details
and once you sign, we will upload online for intimation
mostly the work will be done within 1-2 days
it will be approved fast
this is a very simple process
it won't be tedious like previous claims in ICICI?
NO
this insurance is mostly there to help the customers
So Shiva.. any other process pending now?
No sir no other process pending
the car is ready for delivery
there are no other formalities left all done
ok, so if I complete the payment then I can take my car?
yes its ready
so this was a very easy claim process
yes very simple process and the car got ready within 1-2 days
thank you Shiva
for suggesting this insurance company
VISIT AGAIN SIR
Sir this is a small complimentary gift for you
I gave my car to the service center on Wednesday
and today is Saturday
so within a couple of days
the repairing on the car was completed
and it got delivered to me
the overall experience with Liberty insurance
that was sublime
the experience with ICICI
that I shared with you last year
I never could imagine after that
I can have a positive experience with a car insurance company
I would highly recommend Liberty insurance
and the PPS Renault service center at Madhapur
previously I have had good experiences with them
and this time as well
it was a complete and great experience
there was nothing as such in the claim process this time
I only filled up a form
and provided the copy of my documents like RC, etc.
then they just uploaded all the required information online
in company portal and the survey was completed online as well
and the approval was approved instantly the same day
surveyor from insurance company comes and checks the car
and all the related hassles
no such thing was there this time around with Liberty
it was a very smooth process and I'm very happy
I also checked
will the same process be valid
only for such small claims
or would it be the same process for bigger claims
so Shiva told me
probably if the claim is within 1 lakh
it would be the same process of reviewing/approving online